today we are announcing the indictment
at the Federal Savings Bank our mortgage
fraud securities fraud and conspiracy a
federally chartered bank that has been
catering to the Chinese immigrant
community since 1984 if you are going to
pick on a bank family-owned company was
between a couple of noodle shops inside
the sounds about as easy a target as you
could possibly pick one that was a
lawyer there was no bank owned by
Chinese and serving the Chinese when I
walk around here I feel very much at
home this is a very tasty noodle shop
that's always special that's the budget
if we were children I dad was excited
about the bank he was going to start we
serve people who've never even dealt
with the banking system a for this whole
ordeal yeah in 2009 one of our loan
officers stole money who's lying all
over the place he was running a
money-laundering operation I fired him
that day they went straight to their
regulator and they told them about him
the DA's office started asking us
questions
wait a minute maybe we're the target
that prosecution goes through that Bank
is going to go out of business although
this is David versus Goliath
their whole family Warriors
we spent a lot of time investigating and
ended up absolutely convinced that the
loan department was corrupt through and
through they routinely falsified
mortgage documents
reporters in this town were treated to
extraordinary little opportunity to
almost Stalinist looking shame game
herded like cattle down the hallway I've
been doing this for 25 years and I've
never seen that happen
mommy worried almost 80 years old it was
up to 5:30 a.m. a it's nothing to eat
for dinner let's let's get you some food
Papa you do this is how he is he's very
calm and I'm like a jumping bean so I
was running around out of the Federal
Savings Bank had one of the nation's
lowest default rates not the highest one
of the lowest frankly if every bank had
underwritten as well as abacus we have
had a financial crisis if you look at
the wrong impression that Chinese are
not law abiding this case an attack on a
community with easy prey too big to fail
turns into small enough to jail and
advocates to small enough to jail